Improve host/device mdspan documentation (#4220)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/libcudacxx/extended_api/mdspan/host_device_accessor.rst

**Memory spaces**

> *Host*, *device*, and *managed* ``mdspan`` can be created and "sliced" (``cuda::std::submdspan``) on any memory spaces. However, accessing to a specific memory space is restricted to the respective *accessor* type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Host*, *device*, and *managed* ``mdspan`` can be created and "sliced" (``cuda::std::submdspan``) on any memory space. However, access to a specific memory space is restricted to the respective *accessor* type.
```
